README.md, before:

# FileManagementMicroservice
## To save,retrieve,list archieve files from MongoDB this microservice is about. For contanerization Docker is used.
 
# Run.

0.Clone the project.

1.Inside project directory, fire command **"make all**".

  To remove the container,images,docker-compose simply fire command "**make remove**".

  To see the port exposed and to verify whether the container is up fire command "**make status**".

2.Swagger is present in "api" directory.

3.Testcases are present under test directory.

4."build" container files related to docker, docker-compose and k8s files. "docker-compose.yml" two services one of  
  them is for MongoDB.

5.If you want to run without docker one modification has to be done , uncomment "URI" in file "service/constants.go" and comment the existing one, then  fire command "**go run cmd/file-mgmt-microservice-server/main.go**"

6.Future scope for this microservice.

  - Deploy using HelmChart.
  - Add functionality to delete the archieves.
  - Serve concurrent request.
  - Add GUI.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with fix for crashing filemgmt container.

README.md, after:

# FileManagementMicroservice
## To save,retrieve,list archieve files from MongoDB this microservice is about. For contanerization Docker is used.
 
# How To Run !!!

0.Clone the project.

1.Inside project directory, fire command **"make all**".

  To remove the container,images,docker-compose simply fire command "**make remove**".

  To see the port exposed and to verify whether the container is up fire command "**make status**".

2.Swagger is present in "api" directory.

3.Testcases are present under test directory.

4."build" container files related to docker, docker-compose and k8s files. "docker-compose.yml" two services one of  
  them is for MongoDB.

5.If you want to run without docker one modification has to be done , uncomment "URI" in file "service/constants.go" and comment the existing one, then  fire command "**go run cmd/file-mgmt-microservice-server/main.go**"

6.Future scope for this microservice.

  - Deploy using HelmChart.
  - Add functionality to delete the archieves.
  - Serve concurrent request.
  - Add GUI.

### Note
* If container is crashing try changing the permission of binary located under "cmd" directory , using command "chmod 777 main.exe"
